## General Overview

This is a project for a scalable online question and answer (Q&A) platform. The core functionality of the application is as follows:

The online Q&A platform is intended for questions and answers on coursework. The platform provides the opportunity to select a course, ask questions on the course, and to provide answers to the questions. There is also the possibility to upvote the questions and answers. Questions and answers can be posted by anyone, and anyone can upvote the questions and answers, allowing anonymous participation. To provide additional answers, the platform leverages large language models for generating answers to questions.

The focus of the project is on scalability, with an emphasis on topics such as performance measurement, multiple servers with load balancing, static site generation, event-driven architecture, and message queues. Both development and production configurations are addressed.

<br>

## Architecture Overview

This application handles questions and uses a message queue architecture with Redis for processing. Below is an explanation of the key components and data flow based on the architecture diagram.

#### Components and Data Flow

1. **Frontend:**
   - **GET Request:** Retrieves courses, questions and answers to questions from the API.
   - **POST Request:** Sends a new question to the API. 
   - **Receive Answers from LLM:** The frontend receives answers generated by the LLM asynchronously and automatically once question is processed.
   - **WebSocket Connection:** Opens a persistent connection to receive real-time updates on questions and answers.

2. **API:**
   - **Question/Answer/Upvote Handling:** Receives new questions, answers and upvotes from the frontend.
   - **Database Operations:** 
     - **Add/Update Question/Answer/Upvotes:** Adds new questions, answers and upvotes in the database.

3. **Redis:**
   - Stores posted questions and answers from the API.
   - The API and WebSocket systems subscribe to retrieve results and send them to the frontend.

4. **WebSocket:**
   - Subscribes to the Redis queue to receive questions and answers.
   - Sends real-time updates to the frontend when new questions or answers are posted.
<br>


## To improve

- The value in last_updated field seen in UI after upvoting a question/answer is fetched from the frontend. It could be fetched from the backend which is the actual place where the field is created at.

- There could be option to delete questions/answers/upvotes.

- There could be option to view all own questions/answers/upvotes from one place.

- There could be feature to delete own user account and all questions/answers/upvotes related to it.